Switching flex server in 3.3 update (#1570)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/updating/from_3.3/update_from_3.3.md

    ``` bash
    composer require ibexa/content:[[= latest_tag =]] --with-all-dependencies --no-scripts
    ```

=== "[[= product_name_exp =]]"

    ``` bash
    composer require ibexa/experience:[[= latest_tag =]] --with-all-dependencies --no-scripts
    ```

=== "[[= product_name_com =]]"

    ``` bash
    composer require ibexa/commerce:[[= latest_tag =]] --with-all-dependencies --no-scripts
    ```

> If your `composer.json` is still using the `https://flex.ibexa.co` endpoint in `extra.symfony.endpoint`,
> you need to replace it with the new [`https://api.github.com/repos/ibexa/recipes/contents/index.json?ref=flex/main` endpoint.](https://github.com/ibexa/website-skeleton/blob/v3.3.16/composer.json#L98)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your `composer.json` still uses the `https://flex.ibexa.co` endpoint in `extra.symfony.endpoint`, 
replace it with the new [`https://api.github.com/repos/ibexa/recipes/contents/index.json?ref=flex/main`](https://github.com/ibexa/website-skeleton/blob/v3.3.16/composer.json#L98) endpoint.
```
